["Perhaps not putting forth my greatest effort being a victim of senioritis. I've always been a perfectionist, so it is challenging and dreading to imagine not passing a class with flying colors.", 'My only concern is if it will add too much to my course load this semester.', 'I think my time management skills are the most concerning. Preparing well before a test, and studying consistently, I should manage my time well.', "I am most concerned about getting behind on my work and getting stressed out, however that did not happen last semester so hopefully it doesn't this semester either.\xa0", "I'm concerned about not being able to attend the live lessons. Last semester I was able to watch recordings for the first quarter, but then I ended up stop watching the lessons altogether and just relied on the lesson videos and textbook.", 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'I just need to pace myself, and not get overwheACed with all of the course. If I have any questions I need to make sure to go to office hours to get them answered.\xa0', 'So far, I think I will enjoy this course more than linear algebra, as it seems to relate greatly to physics.', "I think my main concern is that I won't be able to attend a lot of the Studio Sessions. Last semester, I did try to attend a few, but I didn't attend as much as I liked. I hope that this semester, I'll be able to keep track of the schedule and attend when I can.", 'Keeping myself accountable and managing my time wisely', 'Keeping up the motivation to balance learning and completing assignments alongside other commiPCents.', 'The only thing that really concerns me would be time management while taking the course my senior year. I can solve this by planning out my weeks.', 'I feel like there might be a point in time where i lose time management and start to stress out', "I'm worried I will fall behind", "Im concerned I won't time manage.", 'My concerns are my ability to manage my time to prepare for exams adequately.\xa0', 'I am worried that I will get behind and do poorly on exams due to senioritis.', 'I am concerned whether I will be able to keep up with this course and distance CS. I hope I can stay ahead and turn in assignments before they are due.', "After last semester, I'm most concerned about getting behind on learning material.\xa0 However, this is definitely a personal issue of procrastination, and I'm feeling a lot better after reorganizing how I study so I don't get overwheACed.", 'I have no major concerns, but the exams are a lot sooner than last year, so the time crunch will be a bit worse.', "I'm worried about balancing time between my internship, other classes, robotics, and this class.", "The only thing I am worried about with this class is the workload. I am a participant in my high school's theatre program, so a lot of my time will be spent rehearsing for our production in May. I plan to combat the stress of a heavy workload by staying ahead and attending office hours when I am struggling, so I can get clarity before it is too late.", 'I am concerned that I will become complacent closer to the end of the course and not be as focused on studying or completing assignments.', 'I am worried about the difficulty level of this course and my time management.', 'I am concerned about pacing myself with my work well this semester.\xa0', 'Being able to balance the college workload with my other high school senior responsibilities.', 'Being on schedule and reviewing before a test in time', 'I am concerned about my ability to effectively manage my time so that I study enough to understand all the material for exams.', 'I concerned that I will procrastinate again; however, I am going to try much harder this semester and get an A.\xa0', "I'm concerned about getting behind on my work. Since it's an online course, it's very easy to not look at the work for a while and forget about it.", "I'm playing on the soccer team this year so managing my time will be more important and may be a challenge for me.", 'Keeping up with work and live studio sessions, as this was a struggle last semester.\xa0', 'Nothing regarding like the formatting of it or being able to find content but maybe just personally how I will do with procrastination', 'Personally I would put NA, however in the back corner of my mind that monkey brain of mine loves to procrastinate. I would love to not do that, so I guess that would be my concern.', "I'm worried that out of my own bad habits I'm going to start cramming material which is something I don't want. I'm also slightly more concerned about taking the exams because compared to last semester there's one more, and since they make up 60% of my grade I'm paranoid.", "Not getting ahead on work concerns me, since I'm taking a research class and I don't want the work to accumulate.\xa0", 'I miss your voice greg please come back i need you', "Regarding my individual needs, I have an unstable home environment. I've gone through the process of talking to the Dean of Students.", 'I am not the greatest with learning online as opposed to face-to-face, but nonetheless I am excited for this course and am ready to work hard!', 'I might not be able to attend live studio sessions because of after school hours, but I will try to watch all of the recordings.', 'I tend to get quite nervous before exams; however, I do my best to get help when needed/work my way through problems to get deep understanding of course materials. I believe course material is more spaced out as compared to linear; however, I believe the content is more rigorous, so I will need to ensure that I remain up-to-speed/ahead on all course content!', 'I will be in India from Jan 20- Feb 3 and so I will be trying to get ahead in the early weeks of this course.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", "I've learned a lot from the first segment of distance math in terms of what to expect with assignments and pacing so I'm not as worried about that this time around. One thing that I will be experiencing this semester is going to India for two weeks for a family event which may interfere with the course.\xa0", "Math is somewhat of a struggle for me, but I'll try my best this semester!!", 'My main concern has been keeping up with the work and managing studying.', 'I am someone who asks a lot of questions and needs clarifications! :)', 'I may need some assistance at some point or will have questions later in the course.\xa0', "I am on the autism spectrum and in general require basic accommodations for testing (time and a half and a separate testing room). I don't quite know who to contact about this.", "I have no extenuating circumstances for this course, but In general, I don't love online classes, and which there was more of an emphasis on the writing assignments instead of HW assignments.\xa0", 'I have heard that MVC has a heavier workload than Linear Algebra. If this is true, I hope to manage my time wisely to get everything done in a punctual manner,', 'In the end of my senior year of high school, balancing the rigor of this course with all of the other assignments I have due in my other classes, studying for AP tests, and getting ready for college will make this class challenging for me, but I am excited to take the class on as long as I maintain good, healthy study strategies.', "I'm concerned about falling behind on assignments and not being able to catch up.", 'I worry about my procrastination habits.', 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', 'I am a little concerned about falling behind the schedule and then having to rush to learn the concepts. I will try to maintain a consistent work session to ensure I perform my best however.', "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", "I don't think there's anything that I need from you specifically. I think I just have to learn to manage my time and get my assignments done to be successful in this class.\xa0", 'I am concerned that I will get sidetracked by other things such as my IB exams and not give this course the attention it needs. However, I am currently preparing to make sure that does not happen.\xa0', 'Right now I‚Äôve been sick with a fever since Friday last week so my main concern is not starting the semester already behind on work due to my illness.', 'Time management throughout this course.', "Time management is my biggest concern, as well as stress. I'm hoping that I'm able to grasp the concepts in a timely manner, since geometric interpretation and thinking in 3 dimensions wasn't my strongest suit in previous years. I also hope I don't become overwhelmed with work and studying for this class.", 'Time management', 'Pacing myself and practicing enough for the exams.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "My only concern is hoping to pace myself and not get behind on work since it's online.", "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'My main concern with taking this course is time management, as it is self-paced, but because all of the lecture videos are available, I believe this will not be a large problem.', 'My main concern is the amount of time I will have to dedicate to this course as I will be more busy this year, so I will have to work to utilize my time more efficiently.', 'My main concern is meeting all deadlines and not being overwhelmed by the work. I feel like I can achieve this by working ahead at the start to give myself a buffer and avoid falling behind.', "My main concern is keeping motivation for the course and keeping myself on track so I don't have too much last minute work.", "Managing my timing properly since I didn't last semester.", "I got sick a lot last semester and hopefully I don't¬† during this one but I may have to ask to reschedule exams again due to sickness or swimming.", 'Managing my time, though I believe last semester prepared me well.', 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', 'I am going to try to stay on track and work ahead of time, especially when March/Ramadan comes around, but I am not home from 7-NCAC AM that entire month and may need extensions or extra help for which I will reach out.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'In general I think it is getting behind due to load from mainly other classes as this class is decently balanced and I can get ahead if needed, but when it comes to studying for exams it is a bit more stressful.', "I'm worried about getting behind on the lecture videos and homework.", "I'm worried about falling behind when the weeks start to overlap more.", 'Another student and I have a conflict with the final exam for a band trip that has been scheduled since August.', "I'm concerned because I'm a terrible procrastinator, which makes me hard to complete the assignments in time or get a good grade on the exams.¬†", "It is hard to manage my time taking this course on online, and even though I was aware of that fact, I'm still struggling.¬†", "I'm concerned about the workload and time management.", 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'I want to make sure I am on top of deadlines. I need to ensure that I sync my Canvas calendar with my google calendar.', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', 'I struggle to do my work on time for online courses.¬†', 'I just want to make sure I stay on task this semester and don‚Äôt put things off.', "I hope I don't get too burned out learning the advanced content that tends to be taught in this course.", 'I feel pretty good about taking this course. I am a little concerned with the pace, but I plan to stay on top of my notes.', "I feel like it moves really fast. I don't know if I am just building it up in my head and maybe this is the same speed things normally are, but things just appear to go very fast. It is a pretty big complicated subject so I get it, but it just concerns me. I want to be able to keep up.", 'I am worried about getting overworked with my extraciricular schedule combined with GT Math.', 'I am the most concerned about staying ahead of the material so that I am not rushed when completing any of the assignments.', 'I am concerned about my pace. I hope to be a week ahead by spring break.', "Honestly, the anticipated course workload this spring semester concerns me the most. Since I am taking this course in addition to my high school AP courses, I am worried that the workload in this course might get heavy, especially in the middle of the semester, while my workload in my other classes intensifies as well. I'm worried about having to grind out more work and get everything done in due time.¬†", 'Having to self-pace the work', 'Because I did get a little lost in the middle of the last semester before recovering, I want to make sure I stay on track throughout the entirety of this course.', 'After last semester, my goal is to be more consistent with the live learning sessions and keep up with the lecture videos as my personal life becomes more hectic.¬†', 'NC. Pacing myself with weekly videos\n\n¬†', "This semester, I'm concerned about my motivation and will to do coursework.¬†", 'The workload.', 'The workload later into the year.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'The main thing that concerns me is that I will put things off like I did last semester.', 'Staying motivated through the end of senior year.', 'Second semester of senior year is very busy! I have some concerns about time management but I think I will be okay.', 'Remembering formulas', "I have a concentration disorder that makes it difficult for me to learn, however I'm unable to set up a 504 plan.", 'Remembering calculus.', 'Remembering calculus concepts and learning new ones so quickly', 'Probably remembering all the concepts I learned in calculus well enough to really understand the content of this course.', 'Probably just making sure I stay caught up.', 'Potentially forgetting content from AP Calculus BC', 'Only concerns are staying on time and not procrastinating on assignments.', 'One of my concerns includes balancing this rigorous class with other classes at my school and extracurriculars.¬†', 'One concern I have about this course is my ability to fully learn and comprehend all the material through an online format. This is my first online class and adjusting to this online class was difficult for me the first semester.', 'My only concern is prior knowledge needed for this course, as I need to touch up on any important Calculus concepts, but it can easily be addressed by just reviewing.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'My most pressing concern is similar to last semester which is that I am unsure as to whether I will fall behind or have any confusing questions that will remain unanswered.', 'I am able to do all of the work that I need to do, but I might struggle with certain concepts and have to do personal research to find the answers I am looking for.¬†', 'My GPA', 'My final grade for this class.', 'Multivariable calculus is hard', 'Math', 'Many people told me that multivariable calculus is harder than linear algebra, which concerns me a little bit. I might need to change to my study schedule.¬†', 'Making sure I am adequatley prepared for the exams.', 'losing focus and not doing work', 'Last year, I personally struggled with taking exams. I want to do better so that the grades I get can reflect the knowledge I have learned. I employ better study habits so I do not have to worry while taking exams.', 'Last semester, the workload was a lot sometimes, so I hope that I will be able to keep up better this semester.', "Last semester, I didn't do as well as I expected on the final exam so, this semester, I will be focusing on doing really good on the final this time.¬†", 'Lack of discussion of the material in person because there is no one else taking this class at my school.¬†', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', "I must admit, linear algebra has been quite a journey for me. The abstract concepts and the depth of the material made it challenging, but I embraced the struggle and managed to grasp most of it. Now, as we delve into multivariable calculus, I can't help but feel a bit anxious. However, I hope to learn the most out of your teachings and look forward to the class.", "I'm worried about my comprehension of the material.", "I'm worried about getting stuck on an important concept and falling behind. I looked ahead to some of the later concepts, like triple integrals, and I'm concerned I won't be able to understand them.", "The course seems pretty hard and involved, and I'm worried I won't have enough practice, which I benefit from immensely, for assessments. Practice is often the way where I internalize concepts and ideas.", "I'm not sure how much Calc BC I still remember after doing Linear Algebra last semester. It may take me some effort to remember calculus concepts.", "I'm not really sure what concerns I have; I'm taking a course at my school right now and I sometimes just struggle with understanding Lagrange multipliers and some topics, but hopefully everything will be explained in depth.", "I'm most worried about getting sick during the GT exam days, as that would likely dent my scores significantly. The only reason why is because I already have experience with the first and second final exam parts for Linear Algebra last semester... :(", "If there's any way to shorten the videos doing so would be greatly appreciated, though that's if it doesn't take too much effort/time! Thank you!", "I'm most concerned about having a solid grasp of all the content by the time of the exam because in linear algebra I had to do alot of review for the final exam and it was a little difficult.", "I'm just scared I'll end with a B but I will do my best to get to an A this time.¬†", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "I'm concerned about falling behind if I get sick.", "I'm concerned about being able to fully grasp the content.", "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", 'If it moves too fast and I catch myself behind by more than a week.', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'I‚Äôm concerned about the exams', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'I worry about studying correctly and properly preparing for tests. I also need to make sure I work ahead on these problems.¬†', 'I took calculus half a year ago at this point, and I am worried I have forgotten most of the rules about Integration. Re-learning calculus at the same time as we expand it to 3 dimensions may make this course significantly more difficult.', 'I think the biggest concern is the workload since I am taking many rigorous classes this semester.', 'I think taking the tests and exams will be hard for me. This is because I have always struggled with the true and false.', 'I struggled a little bit in the first semester', 'I don‚Äôt really have any concerns aside from losing steam towards the end of the semester like I did last semester.', 'I am worried about staying engaged as I get closer to graduating from high school¬†', 'I am taking a lot of difficult courses this semester, so I am afraid of falling behind, as the workload can sometimes get intense.', 'I am somewhat concerned with the workload but I believe I will still do fine.¬†', 'I am slightly concerned about the pacing, this is a me issue since I am taking this class at an unusual time of day.', 'Online classes tend to be more challenging for me due to the isolation aspect of them.', 'I am slightly concerned about taking this course online; however, I know that I can reach my full potential by following all the steps to succeed.¬†', 'I am simply concerned about doing things last minute and not fully understanding things.', "I am just hoping I haven't forgotten anything from calculus that will be important in this course.", 'I am concerned that I may fall behind in the course, but I fully believe in my ability to schedule my activities properly.', 'I am concerned im going to get behind on course work', 'I am concerned I will get too much senioritis.¬†', 'I am concerned about myself academically because as seen in covid and Linear Algebra I do not do well learning online.', 'I am concerned about having external unexpected problems that prevent me from learning or taking the class. There was a problem last semester, but the professor was very responsive, so it all worked out.¬†', 'I am scheduled to have brain surgery at the start of April. I may not be fully recovered by the time for the final exam. I expect to be well by then , but I will keep in touch with you and email if anything changes.¬†', 'I am always concerned over my grades, but I have achieved grades that I am very happy with in this course.', 'After watching the first 3 weeks lecture videos, I feel like the videos are too fast and the person teaching skips a lot of the steps in the math. I feel like the lecture videos could go a bit slower and showing out all the work instead of condensing the work would be helpful for me.¬†', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', 'I will be going to India for AC weeks this month from January NC9th-February 6th. I will be doing my assignments for those two weeks before hand and plan to take exam NC on time. Just thought you should know in case any emergencies arise :)', 'I struggle with my focus', 'I am a student with disability accommodations.', 'Who is the weird lady in the lecture videos.', 'I have already contacted Dr. Mayer regarding my accommodations and he has assured me that the course is designed for the success of the students, and I am looking forward to that.¬†', 'I hope MVC is easier than Linear Algebra.', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'Probably just making sure I stay caught up.', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', "I'm concerned about the workload and time management.", 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'I might not be learning as well asynchronously compared to in person.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'Having to self-pace the work', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'I heard some concepts are difficult to grasp, but otherwise no major concerns!', 'na', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'Time management throughout this course.', "* I'm concerned that I might have some difficulty learning online/not being able to ask questions as easily as I would be able to in a in-person class.", 'I feel like the 3 exams concern me since last semester we had 2. Also the final being worth 30% of the grade is a lot in my opinion, since I have never had a test weigh more.', "Not getting ahead on work concerns me, since I'm taking a research class and I don't want the work to accumulate.\xa0", 'I do not have any real concerns.', 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', 'NA so far', 'No individual needs.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I will be in India from Jan 20- Feb 3 and so I will be trying to get ahead in the early weeks of this course.', 'na', "There are no quizzes every week. I like to use the quizzes for practice and as a checkpoint but now it'll be that much harder to study for the exams.\xa0", 'Having to self-pace the work', 'While I completed AP Calculus AB/BC last year, I am afraid I may have forgot the material, so I need refreshing for multi-variable Calculus.', 'NA. Its too soon for me to form too many opinions.', 'Nothing much really', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'I am excited to take another calculus class (calculus has definitely been my favorite high school course) and learn further into the subject.¬†', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', "I'm concerned about falling behind if I get sick.", 'None for now.\xa0', 'I am very excited to see how linear algebra and multi build on each other and our understanding of mathematics. I am a little worried about taking the exams on different days but I have been talking to my facilitator and you.', 'none', "I'm concerned about getting behind on my work. Since it's an online course, it's very easy to not look at the work for a while and forget about it.", 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', 'Im concerned about how much vectors are involved, and how much calculus will be genuinely utilized.¬†', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'I just want to make sure I stay on task this semester and don‚Äôt put things off.', 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'The only concern is that I will forget about assignments being due, but I plan on using an agenda to keep up with them.', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "The exams and the true false questions. I'm definitely going to lock in extra hard conceptually i order to prepare for those.", "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", 'NA, I feel ready for this semester after learning from last semester.', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'I do not have any real concerns.', 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', 'Taking the exams.¬†', "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", 'In the end of my senior year of high school, balancing the rigor of this course with all of the other assignments I have due in my other classes, studying for AP tests, and getting ready for college will make this class challenging for me, but I am excited to take the class on as long as I maintain good, healthy study strategies.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'na', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'I have the most trouble on True/False and Possible/Impossible type questions.', 'N/a.', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', 'NA.', 'NA.', "At this point, I'm not worried about the difficulty of the work, I'm worried about the timing of it since my spring semester looks like it will be busier than fall semester.", 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", 'Being on schedule and reviewing before a test in time', 'After last semester, my goal is to be more consistent with the live learning sessions and keep up with the lecture videos as my personal life becomes more hectic.¬†', "I am most concerned about getting behind on my work and getting stressed out, however that did not happen last semester so hopefully it doesn't this semester either.\xa0", "I'm concerned about falling behind if I get sick.", 'N.A.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I wonder when the difficulty jump will be, because I am aware that it seems to start simple but will get much harder.', 'If it moves too fast and I catch myself behind by more than a week.', "I'm worried about getting behind on the lecture videos and homework.", 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I just hope I can get a better grasp of concepts than I had last semester so that my grade can better reflect my capabilities.', 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', 'Multivariable calculus is hard', 'I feel pretty good about taking this course. I am a little concerned with the pace, but I plan to stay on top of my notes.', 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', "I'm worried about getting behind on the lecture videos and homework.", 'Last year, I personally struggled with taking exams. I want to do better so that the grades I get can reflect the knowledge I have learned. I employ better study habits so I do not have to worry while taking exams.', 'If it moves too fast and I catch myself behind by more than a week.', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', 'I am most concerned about not understanding the material.', 'I am mostly concerned about being able to fully grasp the content, but that is mostly based on my own personal ability to learn and take the time to study for this course.', 'I am a little worried about the visual/practical applications of math and vectors, which have never been my strong suit. But I am confident that with enough work, I will be fine', 'N/a.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', "The course seems a little more rigorous, but I think if I just reach out when I need help, I'll be alright.", 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', "I don't think there's anything that I need from you specifically. I think I just have to learn to manage my time and get my assignments done to be successful in this class.\xa0", 'The only concern is that I will forget about assignments being due, but I plan on using an agenda to keep up with them.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', "The only thing I am worried about with this class is the workload. I am a participant in my high school's theatre program, so a lot of my time will be spent rehearsing for our production in May. I plan to combat the stress of a heavy workload by staying ahead and attending office hours when I am struggling, so I can get clarity before it is too late.", 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", 'I am concerned that I will get sidetracked by other things such as my IB exams and not give this course the attention it needs. However, I am currently preparing to make sure that does not happen.\xa0', "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', "As this course is going to mix linear algebra and calculus, I'm worried about the content. However, I plan to attend more studio sessions to fully understand this content.\xa0", "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'I enjoy the course and I think that it has the right balance of challenging and interesting while not overwhelming.', "I concerned about getting a B like last semester. Although I feel more confident in this course's material for reasons previously stated, I need to make sure I stay on task and adequately review material.", 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'none', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'The only concern is that I will forget about assignments being due, but I plan on using an agenda to keep up with them.', 'What concerns me the most is staying focused throughout the whole semester to understand the material as my other classes get difficult as well.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'Any amount of extra resources, practice problems, links to helpful youtube videos, etc.. would be super helpful', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'The main thing that concerns me is that I will put things off like I did last semester.', 'I would like some linked resources/videos or anything that takes me logically through a proof of many of the identities and formulas mentioned in the class. I was looking at the cross product formulas for example, and I have no clue how many of them came to exist, which makes it very hard for me to understand them.¬†', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'NA.', 'No fundamental practice after watching videos', 'I worry about my procrastination habits.', 'Remembering formulas', 'Im concerned about how much vectors are involved, and how much calculus will be genuinely utilized.¬†', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'I might not be able to attend live studio sessions because of after school hours, but I will try to watch all of the recordings.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', 'Being on schedule and reviewing before a test in time', 'The biggest concern I have is falling behind on my assignments, but I plan to combat this with better time management.', "I'm concerned because I'm a terrible procrastinator, which makes me hard to complete the assignments in time or get a good grade on the exams.¬†", 'I am slightly concerned about taking this course online; however, I know that I can reach my full potential by following all the steps to succeed.¬†', 'NA.', 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', 'The sample exams and quizzes during linear algebra helped out a lot if we could have those for multivariable calc that would be fantastic.', 'Nothing', 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', "I'm concerned about the workload and time management.", "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "Managing my timing properly since I didn't last semester.", 'None for now.\xa0', 'I am concerned with my ability to master the material on my own. I feel I can do well on the quizzes, but I feel less confident on the true and false questions. I sometimes have trouble with the theoretical questions.', 'I‚Äôm concerned about the exams', "The only thing I am worried about with this class is the workload. I am a participant in my high school's theatre program, so a lot of my time will be spent rehearsing for our production in May. I plan to combat the stress of a heavy workload by staying ahead and attending office hours when I am struggling, so I can get clarity before it is too late.", "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'I have no major concerns, but the exams are a lot sooner than last year, so the time crunch will be a bit worse.', 'I am most concerned about getting behind like last semester and doing things the day they are due, so I am going to try and stay better on track this semester. I am also concerned about retaining all of the information for subsequent courses.', 'No individual needs.', "I'm not really sure what concerns I have; I'm taking a course at my school right now and I sometimes just struggle with understanding Lagrange multipliers and some topics, but hopefully everything will be explained in depth.", 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', "* I'm concerned that I might have some difficulty learning online/not being able to ask questions as easily as I would be able to in a in-person class.", 'nothing', 'If it moves too fast and I catch myself behind by more than a week.', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', "I'm worried about getting stuck on an important concept and falling behind. I looked ahead to some of the later concepts, like triple integrals, and I'm concerned I won't be able to understand them.", "Nothing, I'm mainly just excited since I enjoyed my first Calculus classes.", 'I miss your voice greg please come back i need you', 'After last semester, my goal is to be more consistent with the live learning sessions and keep up with the lecture videos as my personal life becomes more hectic.¬†', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'I am most concerned about my preparation for the exams.', 'I am concerned that the work load will become quite a bit when there is a lot of content packed into a week.\xa0', 'NA. Its too soon for me to form too many opinions.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'No individual needs.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'No individual needs.', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'I have already contacted Dr. Mayer regarding my accommodations and he has assured me that the course is designed for the success of the students, and I am looking forward to that.¬†', "At this point, I'm not worried about the difficulty of the work, I'm worried about the timing of it since my spring semester looks like it will be busier than fall semester.", 'I am a bit concerned that, unlike Linear Algebra, there are not quizzes due each week. Those quizzes not only helped to bolster my grade, but they were extremely useful to better understanding content. I will likely need to seek other sources for better understanding this semester.', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', 'Nothing :)', 'I worry about my procrastination habits.', 'My impression of the course if very positive and gives me a good impression of the college experience overall, as it is much more structured than I anticipated.', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'Time management throughout this course.', 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', 'I hope MVC is easier than Linear Algebra.', 'As the last time I had practiced calculus was 8+ months ago, I am a bit worried about my ability to remember the application of certain skills.\xa0', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'not really', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', 'I do not have any real concerns.', "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'I enjoy the course and I think that it has the right balance of challenging and interesting while not overwhelming.', '¬†NA', 'I have no concerns about taking this course.\xa0', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'NA.', 'No concerns', "There's not much. I really enjoy the course thus far.", 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I am concerned that I will get sidetracked by other things such as my IB exams and not give this course the attention it needs. However, I am currently preparing to make sure that does not happen.\xa0', 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', "I'm concerned about getting behind on my work. Since it's an online course, it's very easy to not look at the work for a while and forget about it.", 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'It is important to note that I participate in spring sports as well as maintain a job. The course is great so far and I am excited to learn more!', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'Much of the material in the previous course was oftentimes hard to understand because it seemed like many formulas were pulled out of thin air. For me, that makes it extremely hard to understand what is going on.¬†', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'Multivariable calculus is hard', 'NA - Hope everything goes well.', 'The difficulty¬†', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'NA, I feel ready for this semester after learning from last semester.', "The exams and the true false questions. I'm definitely going to lock in extra hard conceptually i order to prepare for those.", 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', 'Nope, there is nothing.\xa0', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'Probably remembering all the concepts I learned in calculus well enough to really understand the content of this course.', 'I am most concerned about getting behind like last semester and doing things the day they are due, so I am going to try and stay better on track this semester. I am also concerned about retaining all of the information for subsequent courses.', 'NA¬†', "I heard that Linear Algebra was harder than Multivariable Calculus from multiple people, so I'm expecting Multi to be a little easier to grasp and understand than Linear algebra.", 'I am a little concerned about falling behind the schedule and then having to rush to learn the concepts. I will try to maintain a consistent work session to ensure I perform my best however.', 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'Nope!', 'Much of the material in the previous course was oftentimes hard to understand because it seemed like many formulas were pulled out of thin air. For me, that makes it extremely hard to understand what is going on.¬†', "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", "No, I don't have any concerns for this course.¬†", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'na', 'There is nothing so far.', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'I worry about studying correctly and properly preparing for tests. I also need to make sure I work ahead on these problems.¬†', 'I am concerned with my ability to master the material on my own. I feel I can do well on the quizzes, but I feel less confident on the true and false questions. I sometimes have trouble with the theoretical questions.', 'N.A.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'losing focus and not doing work', 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'N/A.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'I tend to get quite nervous before exams; however, I do my best to get help when needed/work my way through problems to get deep understanding of course materials. I believe course material is more spaced out as compared to linear; however, I believe the content is more rigorous, so I will need to ensure that I remain up-to-speed/ahead on all course content!', 'losing focus and not doing work', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'I took calculus half a year ago at this point, and I am worried I have forgotten most of the rules about Integration. Re-learning calculus at the same time as we expand it to 3 dimensions may make this course significantly more difficult.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'My biggest concern is not knowing all of the assignments or resources I need to utilize. It would be horrible if I found out I missed an assignment or an extra credit opprotunity.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', "I'm concerned about being able to fully grasp the content.", 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', 'Im concerned about how much vectors are involved, and how much calculus will be genuinely utilized.¬†', "I'm looking forward to another great semester.", "After last semester, I'm most concerned about getting behind on learning material.\xa0 However, this is definitely a personal issue of procrastination, and I'm feeling a lot better after reorganizing how I study so I don't get overwheACed.", 'I am concerned about my pace. I hope to be a week ahead by spring break.', 'N/A, hopefully maybe as I get through the course lectures will be by Dr. Mayer instead.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'I am mostly concerned about the amount of material to be consumed in a short amount of time.\xa0', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'None for now.\xa0', 'The difficulty¬†', 'Not falling behind, because the weeks begin to stack on top of one another.', 'I am worried about getting overworked with my extraciricular schedule combined with GT Math.', 'I worry about my procrastination habits.', "I often can't get notifications for my GT email to work, so I may miss some things.", 'Having to self-pace the work', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'NA - I was initially worried about losing motivation but that has disappeared as my friends and I hold each other accountable.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', "I'm concerned about being able to fully grasp the content.", 'Not falling behind, because the weeks begin to stack on top of one another.', "I must admit, linear algebra has been quite a journey for me. The abstract concepts and the depth of the material made it challenging, but I embraced the struggle and managed to grasp most of it. Now, as we delve into multivariable calculus, I can't help but feel a bit anxious. However, I hope to learn the most out of your teachings and look forward to the class.", 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'Being able to balance the college workload with my other high school senior responsibilities.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'Probably remembering all the concepts I learned in calculus well enough to really understand the content of this course.', 'Remembering formulas', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "I'm concerned about being able to fully grasp the content.", 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', 'The workload.', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'I have the most trouble on True/False and Possible/Impossible type questions.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I have no concerns, I am excited to take this course!', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', 'No individual needs.', 'My biggest concern is not getting an A if I don‚Äôt do the extra credit.', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "My impression of the course so far is pretty good. I've heard that it is less theoretical and thus less complicated than the linear algebra course. I am looking forward to solving more porblems instead of memorizing rules and definitions. I am a little overwhlemed by the amount of content we will cover but I believe that as we go through it, I'll be alright with the piece by piece.\xa0\xa0", 'No individual needs.', 'My final grade for this class.', 'I am concerned about the lack of quizzes. With linear algebra, I thought that the quizzes helped to reinforce understanding and acted as review material down the line', "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'Probably just making sure I stay caught up.', 'I am mostly concerned about the amount of material to be consumed in a short amount of time.\xa0', "The exams and the true false questions. I'm definitely going to lock in extra hard conceptually i order to prepare for those.", "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'I feel pretty good about taking this course. I am a little concerned with the pace, but I plan to stay on top of my notes.', 'na', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'Being on schedule and reviewing before a test in time', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', 'Comprehension of the videos and the textbooks is my most concern- so, basically the content of the course.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", 'What concerns me the most about taking this course is the proximity of the exams in terms of time.', 'N/A.\xa0', "The exams and the true false questions. I'm definitely going to lock in extra hard conceptually i order to prepare for those.", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'I am most concerned about getting behind like last semester and doing things the day they are due, so I am going to try and stay better on track this semester. I am also concerned about retaining all of the information for subsequent courses.', 'There is nothing', 'Having to self-pace the work', "I'm a bit worried about being able to handle everything this semester. I'm quite busy as someone in second semester junior year, and I'm worried about having time and energy to effectively complete GT assignments.", "I struggled a lot last semester as there wasn't really peers I could turn towards for any sort of help as my school has very few people in this course and those people don't really help each other out.", 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', 'I enjoy the course and I think that it has the right balance of challenging and interesting while not overwhelming.', 'NA, I feel ready for this semester after learning from last semester.', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'No individual needs.', "Nothing, I'm mainly just excited since I enjoyed my first Calculus classes.", "There are no quizzes every week. I like to use the quizzes for practice and as a checkpoint but now it'll be that much harder to study for the exams.\xa0", 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I will be in India from Jan 20- Feb 3 and so I will be trying to get ahead in the early weeks of this course.', 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'I am concerned about my pace. I hope to be a week ahead by spring break.', 'The only concern is that I will forget about assignments being due, but I plan on using an agenda to keep up with them.', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', 'I hope that there will be nothing but I am a little worried that the final exam will be during AP exam season.¬†', 'Midterms/Exams', 'I have no concerns about taking this course.\xa0', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'I’m a little worried about how much of calculus i remember but i’ll review', 'No individual needs.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'No individual needs.', 'No specific needs of mine have to be met.', 'I am concerned about the lack of quizzes. With linear algebra, I thought that the quizzes helped to reinforce understanding and acted as review material down the line', 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', 'Having to self-pace the work', "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'I am mostly concerned about being able to fully grasp the content, but that is mostly based on my own personal ability to learn and take the time to study for this course.', 'The thing that most concerns me is the exam dates and shaping various extracurriculars around them.', 'I want to make sure I am on top of deadlines. I need to ensure that I sync my Canvas calendar with my google calendar.', 'none.', 'The sample exams and quizzes during linear algebra helped out a lot if we could have those for multivariable calc that would be fantastic.', 'NA - I was initially worried about losing motivation but that has disappeared as my friends and I hold each other accountable.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'My most pressing concern is similar to last semester which is that I am unsure as to whether I will fall behind or have any confusing questions that will remain unanswered.', 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'Probably just making sure I stay caught up.', 'I am a bit worried because due to my work, I miss many of the studio sessions and while I ant to complete the worksheets and watch the videos, I have trouble effectively checking my work. A centralized location with all of the studio worksheet answers would be very useful especially when I redo the worksheets to prepare for the final exam.', "I don't think there's anything that I need from you specifically. I think I just have to learn to manage my time and get my assignments done to be successful in this class.\xa0", "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', 'If it moves too fast and I catch myself behind by more than a week.', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'What concerns me the most is staying focused throughout the whole semester to understand the material as my other classes get difficult as well.', "Im concerned I won't time manage.", 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', 'I have heard that MVC has a heavier workload than Linear Algebra. If this is true, I hope to manage my time wisely to get everything done in a punctual manner,', 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', 'Having to self-pace the work', "The only thing I am worried about with this class is the workload. I am a participant in my high school's theatre program, so a lot of my time will be spent rehearsing for our production in May. I plan to combat the stress of a heavy workload by staying ahead and attending office hours when I am struggling, so I can get clarity before it is too late.", 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'I am slightly concerned about taking this course online; however, I know that I can reach my full potential by following all the steps to succeed.¬†', 'NA - Hope everything goes well.', 'Second semester of senior year is very busy! I have some concerns about time management but I think I will be okay.', 'I am slightly concerned about taking this course online; however, I know that I can reach my full potential by following all the steps to succeed.¬†', 'i love gt math', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'Being on schedule and reviewing before a test in time', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', "I'm playing on the soccer team this year so managing my time will be more important and may be a challenge for me.", 'The main thing that concerns me is that I will put things off like I did last semester.', 'Second semester of senior year is very busy! I have some concerns about time management but I think I will be okay.', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', 'None for now.\xa0', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'I think multivariable calculus will be a more advanced form of calculus that I learned in AP.', 'What concerns me the most is just being able to prepare for the in person exams. But hopefully by doing the practice exams like I did last semester it will be fine.¬†', 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'I am concerned about my ability to fully understand the subject material. Math does not come easy to me, especially math at this level. So I am also worried about the time I will have to dedicate to succees.\xa0', "I play varsity baseball and will be at the field after school from 3:30 to around 8 pm everyday, therefore I will make sure I stay on top scheduling so I don't miss anything.", 'Having to self-pace the work', 'Being able to balance the college workload with my other high school senior responsibilities.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'Being able to balance the college workload with my other high school senior responsibilities.', 'The Final Exam', 'One concern I have about this course is my ability to fully learn and comprehend all the material through an online format. This is my first online class and adjusting to this online class was difficult for me the first semester.', 'In the end of my senior year of high school, balancing the rigor of this course with all of the other assignments I have due in my other classes, studying for AP tests, and getting ready for college will make this class challenging for me, but I am excited to take the class on as long as I maintain good, healthy study strategies.', 'I heard some concepts are difficult to grasp, but otherwise no major concerns!', 'I am mostly concerned about being able to fully grasp the content, but that is mostly based on my own personal ability to learn and take the time to study for this course.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'I am not the greatest with learning online as opposed to face-to-face, but nonetheless I am excited for this course and am ready to work hard!', 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', 'What concerns me the most is staying focused throughout the whole semester to understand the material as my other classes get difficult as well.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', "Not getting ahead on work concerns me, since I'm taking a research class and I don't want the work to accumulate.\xa0", 'I think my biggest concern is time management. Last semester, I did a really terrible job of managing my time because I was busy with college applications and other things. It was easy for me to forget about this class sometimes because of its asynchronous nature. I am really, really, really making sure that I manage my time well enough so that I can dedicate enough time to this class to not only pass but to really engage with the content (if that makes sense).', 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'No individual needs. Very excited to learn the topics in Multivariable Calculus.\xa0', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'NA. Its too soon for me to form too many opinions.', 'My most pressing concern is similar to last semester which is that I am unsure as to whether I will fall behind or have any confusing questions that will remain unanswered.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'I am mostly concerned about being able to fully grasp the content, but that is mostly based on my own personal ability to learn and take the time to study for this course.', 'I am mostly concerned about being able to fully grasp the content, but that is mostly based on my own personal ability to learn and take the time to study for this course.', 'I enjoy the course and I think that it has the right balance of challenging and interesting while not overwhelming.', 'I do not have any real concerns.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'Ultimately, my biggest concern is grading. Dr. Mayer mentioned in the welcome video that this course would be moving at a faster pace than the last semester of Distance Math (Linear Algebra NC554) and I was only able to make an average B in that course. I do not think I am at risk of making a lower grade in this course, but it would be good to bring my grade up to an A (especially given my plans to secure the Hope Scholarship and gain a secure understanding of this material for further courses that require it.)', "I'm not really sure what concerns I have; I'm taking a course at my school right now and I sometimes just struggle with understanding Lagrange multipliers and some topics, but hopefully everything will be explained in depth.", "I'm playing on the soccer team this year so managing my time will be more important and may be a challenge for me.", "I'm concerned about getting behind on my work. Since it's an online course, it's very easy to not look at the work for a while and forget about it.", 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', 'The only concern is that I will forget about assignments being due, but I plan on using an agenda to keep up with them.', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "I'm just scared I'll end with a B but I will do my best to get to an A this time.¬†", 'I will be in India from Jan 20- Feb 3 and so I will be trying to get ahead in the early weeks of this course.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'What concerns me the most is staying focused throughout the whole semester to understand the material as my other classes get difficult as well.', 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'The workload later into the year.', 'Keeping up with weekly work and avoiding procrastination.', "I often can't get notifications for my GT email to work, so I may miss some things.", "Time management is my biggest concern, as well as stress. I'm hoping that I'm able to grasp the concepts in a timely manner, since geometric interpretation and thinking in 3 dimensions wasn't my strongest suit in previous years. I also hope I don't become overwhelmed with work and studying for this class.", "I'm looking forward to another great semester.", 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', "I don't remember a lot of stuff from calc BC.", 'No individual needs.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'Im concerned about how much vectors are involved, and how much calculus will be genuinely utilized.¬†', 'Potentially forgetting content from AP Calculus BC', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'NA.', "I wasn't the best at Calc BC, and continuing calculus is a bit nervous for me, but I'm pretty confident with vectors and their related topics so I'm not too worried.", 'NA. Its too soon for me to form too many opinions.', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'My most pressing concern is similar to last semester which is that I am unsure as to whether I will fall behind or have any confusing questions that will remain unanswered.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I have no concerns about taking this course.\xa0', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "Im concerned I won't time manage.", 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', 'I believe all that would come up is just coordinating when to take exams with the other students at my school taking this class. I remember one of the exams had to be administered to my school a few days after it was to most other students. Organizing exam dates will be something I will need to be proactive about.', 'I‚Äôm concerned about the exams', 'I have no major concerns, but the exams are a lot sooner than last year, so the time crunch will be a bit worse.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'I have heard that MVC has a heavier workload than Linear Algebra. If this is true, I hope to manage my time wisely to get everything done in a punctual manner,', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", 'none', 'From my experience last semester, I felt very unprepared for the final and did not receive the grade that I wanted. Besides that, this course seems reasonable so far.\xa0', 'I am not the greatest with learning online as opposed to face-to-face, but nonetheless I am excited for this course and am ready to work hard!', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'The only concern is that I will forget about assignments being due, but I plan on using an agenda to keep up with them.', 'NA - I was initially worried about losing motivation but that has disappeared as my friends and I hold each other accountable.', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', "I'm playing on the soccer team this year so managing my time will be more important and may be a challenge for me.", 'N/A, hopefully maybe as I get through the course lectures will be by Dr. Mayer instead.', "The course seems pretty hard and involved, and I'm worried I won't have enough practice, which I benefit from immensely, for assessments. Practice is often the way where I internalize concepts and ideas.", 'Having to self-pace the work', "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'What concerns me the most is staying focused throughout the whole semester to understand the material as my other classes get difficult as well.', 'There is nothing', 'Im concerned about how much vectors are involved, and how much calculus will be genuinely utilized.¬†', 'The main thing that concerns me is that I will put things off like I did last semester.', 'I am concerned that I will get sidetracked by other things such as my IB exams and not give this course the attention it needs. However, I am currently preparing to make sure that does not happen.\xa0', 'I’m a little worried about how much of calculus i remember but i’ll review', 'I heard some concepts are difficult to grasp, but otherwise no major concerns!', 'Remembering formulas', 'Probably just making sure I stay caught up.', "I'm worried I will fall behind", 'In the end of my senior year of high school, balancing the rigor of this course with all of the other assignments I have due in my other classes, studying for AP tests, and getting ready for college will make this class challenging for me, but I am excited to take the class on as long as I maintain good, healthy study strategies.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'I hope MVC is easier than Linear Algebra.', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', 'I‚Äôm concerned about the exams', 'Ultimately, my biggest concern is grading. Dr. Mayer mentioned in the welcome video that this course would be moving at a faster pace than the last semester of Distance Math (Linear Algebra NC554) and I was only able to make an average B in that course. I do not think I am at risk of making a lower grade in this course, but it would be good to bring my grade up to an A (especially given my plans to secure the Hope Scholarship and gain a secure understanding of this material for further courses that require it.)', 'I am a bit worried because due to my work, I miss many of the studio sessions and while I ant to complete the worksheets and watch the videos, I have trouble effectively checking my work. A centralized location with all of the studio worksheet answers would be very useful especially when I redo the worksheets to prepare for the final exam.', 'I do not have any real concerns.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'I just hope I can get a better grasp of concepts than I had last semester so that my grade can better reflect my capabilities.', 'I would like some linked resources/videos or anything that takes me logically through a proof of many of the identities and formulas mentioned in the class. I was looking at the cross product formulas for example, and I have no clue how many of them came to exist, which makes it very hard for me to understand them.¬†', 'NC. Pacing myself with weekly videos\n\n¬†', 'N/a.', 'Last year, I personally struggled with taking exams. I want to do better so that the grades I get can reflect the knowledge I have learned. I employ better study habits so I do not have to worry while taking exams.', 'na', "I'm playing on the soccer team this year so managing my time will be more important and may be a challenge for me.", 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', 'Not falling behind and doing well on the exams.', "My nerves and staying on task. I feel like I understand the material but I let my nerves get the best of me which impacts how I do on my exams. Furthermore, sometimes my weeks are really busy and I don't get time to work on the assignments and have to rush them. I want to space out my time better.¬†", 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'I am a little worried about the visual/practical applications of math and vectors, which have never been my strong suit. But I am confident that with enough work, I will be fine', 'I am concerned about my pace. I hope to be a week ahead by spring break.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'nothing', "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", 'No individual needs.', 'I worry about my ability to time manage this course well. Last semester, it was difficult for me to keep on track with the weekly content. I plan on managing my time better this semester and trying to keep on track. I do not want to get overwhelmed like last semester. I also worry about how the new grade weights for our assignments will affect us as there is another exam than last semester. I hope I can perform well for this last semester.', 'Having to self-pace the work', 'none!', 'My concerns are just having it be self-guided and not having much guidance. In addition, exams are worth more this semester.', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'NA, I feel ready for this semester after learning from last semester.', 'N/A, hopefully maybe as I get through the course lectures will be by Dr. Mayer instead.', 'Making sure I am adequatley prepared for the exams.', 'I am a bit worried because due to my work, I miss many of the studio sessions and while I ant to complete the worksheets and watch the videos, I have trouble effectively checking my work. A centralized location with all of the studio worksheet answers would be very useful especially when I redo the worksheets to prepare for the final exam.', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'Much of the material in the previous course was oftentimes hard to understand because it seemed like many formulas were pulled out of thin air. For me, that makes it extremely hard to understand what is going on.¬†', 'I got a B last semester, so my main concern is fixing my strategies to perform well this semester.¬†', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'I have no concerns about taking this course.\xa0', 'What concerns me the most is staying focused throughout the whole semester to understand the material as my other classes get difficult as well.', "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", 'I tend to get quite nervous before exams; however, I do my best to get help when needed/work my way through problems to get deep understanding of course materials. I believe course material is more spaced out as compared to linear; however, I believe the content is more rigorous, so I will need to ensure that I remain up-to-speed/ahead on all course content!', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'I am concerned about the difficulty of the new content for this semester', "I don't remember a lot of stuff from calc BC.", 'Nah', '¬†NA', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', 'My most pressing concern is similar to last semester which is that I am unsure as to whether I will fall behind or have any confusing questions that will remain unanswered.', "I'm worried about getting behind on the lecture videos and homework.", 'losing focus and not doing work', 'I do not have any real concerns.', 'My main concern has been keeping up with the work and managing studying.', 'Nothing', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', "I struggled a lot last semester as there wasn't really peers I could turn towards for any sort of help as my school has very few people in this course and those people don't really help each other out.", "If there's any way to shorten the videos doing so would be greatly appreciated, though that's if it doesn't take too much effort/time! Thank you!", "I don't have any worries.", 'The first B of my high school career was in Math 1554 so I hope that motivates me to push harder for an A this semester.\xa0', 'My concerns include the heavy weight of the exams; however, with disciplined preparation, I believe it is possible to achieve success in this course!', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'Not falling behind and doing well on the exams.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', "I'm worried I will fall behind", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "I think I am concerned about understanding the content and managing my time. I want to be able to fully understand each of the lessons, but I'm scared that I might not be able to. I'm also worried about finding the time to watch all the lessons and do adequate practice for each of them.\xa0", 'none.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'I am the only person at my school doing this but at this point I have got the hang of it', "I'm a little nervous because I'm not sure if I remember everything from my Calculus BC class from last year. So I might need to do some individual review to make sure I am ready for the new content that builds off of what I learned last year.", "I'm worried about getting behind on the lecture videos and homework.", 'I am concerned about my pace. I hope to be a week ahead by spring break.', "I'm concerned about falling behind if I get sick.", "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'I am only concerned with spatial reasoning, but I did well with spatial reasoning in physics, so I should be okay.', 'So far, I think I will enjoy this course more than linear algebra, as it seems to relate greatly to physics.', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', "I'm concerned about being able to fully grasp the content.", "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', "I'm very interested in physics and this class will definitely help pursue my passion in that field.", 'Same concerns like Linear Algebra with the eye problems, but I did not have many issues, much less severe ones last semester, so hopefully this semester will follow very similarly.', 'The Final Exam', 'Nothing, I am very excited!', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'Nah', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'Nothing concerns me much at the moment, but one of the exams is during spring break, which confuses me.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'None for now.\xa0', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'The only concern I have is time management for the beginning of the first semester, since I have lots of extracurriculars and projects due the first few months.', 'I‚Äôm worried about falling behind.', "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', "I'm concerned about falling behind on assignments and not being able to catch up.", 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'I will be in India from Jan 20- Feb 3 and so I will be trying to get ahead in the early weeks of this course.', 'I wish we could have a link that combines all the lesson slides for one unit.', "I'm a little worried about multivariable calculus in general and understanding the concepts. It also seems as if there will be a lot more formulas in this class as compared to linear algebra so I'll really have to work on memorizing all of them.", 'Maybe the fact that the tests are no-calculator, its a little daunting.', 'I think I will need additional resources regarding word problems and conceptual work because that was my weakest area in Linear Algebra.', 'I am slightly concerned for the lack of a practice exam.', "I got sick a lot last semester and hopefully I don't¬† during this one but I may have to ask to reschedule exams again due to sickness or swimming.", 'Nothing much really', 'N/a.', 'I am concerned with my ability to master the material on my own. I feel I can do well on the quizzes, but I feel less confident on the true and false questions. I sometimes have trouble with the theoretical questions.', 'I am worried about getting overworked with my extraciricular schedule combined with GT Math.', "One of the in person exams is on my school's spring break but other than that none as of right now!", 'It would probably be memorizing my material for the exams, since those are not open note.', 'I am a bit worried because due to my work, I miss many of the studio sessions and while I ant to complete the worksheets and watch the videos, I have trouble effectively checking my work. A centralized location with all of the studio worksheet answers would be very useful especially when I redo the worksheets to prepare for the final exam.', 'After last semester, my goal is to be more consistent with the live learning sessions and keep up with the lecture videos as my personal life becomes more hectic.¬†', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', 'I hope that there will be nothing but I am a little worried that the final exam will be during AP exam season.¬†', 'Nah', "I'm most concerned about having a solid grasp of all the content by the time of the exam because in linear algebra I had to do alot of review for the final exam and it was a little difficult.", 'Not falling behind, because the weeks begin to stack on top of one another.', 'I dont have any unique individual needs.', 'I just hope I can get a better grasp of concepts than I had last semester so that my grade can better reflect my capabilities.', 'Just staying on pace and working through it this semester with Ramadan and exam season.', '¬†None', 'None, being able to go through Linear Algebra fairly well makes me confident that I can do the same in this course.\xa0', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', "Time management is my biggest concern, as well as stress. I'm hoping that I'm able to grasp the concepts in a timely manner, since geometric interpretation and thinking in 3 dimensions wasn't my strongest suit in previous years. I also hope I don't become overwhelmed with work and studying for this class.", 'I‚Äôm concerned about the exams', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.', 'I‚Äôm concerned about the exams', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'I might not be learning as well asynchronously compared to in person.', 'I am concerned about my ability to effectively manage my time so that I study enough to understand all the material for exams.', 'Remembering formulas', 'My one concern is this course conflicting with CS NC33NC as both classes are difficult and time-consuming and have their exams on the same days.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'While I do not have major concerns, there are more exams in this course than linear algebra so I am a little worried about that.', 'absolutely the exams and tests; I do poorly under pressure', 'There is nothing', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'My only concern is my time management with the course and how to keep up with the class pace without haven fallen behind with the videos and assignments.', 'Nothing :)', 'Remembering formulas', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", 'I hope that there will be nothing but I am a little worried that the final exam will be during AP exam season.¬†', 'I‚Äôm a little concerned about peer help with this class as I‚Äôm the only person taking this course from my school. Still, I think I‚Äôll be able to utilize piazza to help with this issue :)', 'There is not really anything special concerning my needs except that my internet at home can sometimes stop working, but I will do my best to not let this issue affect my work in the course.', 'NA.', "Nothing, I'm mainly just excited since I enjoyed my first Calculus classes.", "I'm concerned about falling behind on assignments and not being able to catch up.", "Im concerned I won't time manage.", "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "Im concerned I won't time manage.", 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', 'NA, I feel ready for this semester after learning from last semester.', 'There is nothing', "I'm concerned about the content getting more difficult with each week, meaning it will take me longer to digest. This may cause me to get behind after several weeks.", "Managing my timing properly since I didn't last semester.", 'None for now.\xa0', 'I have no concerns about taking this course.\xa0', 'In the end of my senior year of high school, balancing the rigor of this course with all of the other assignments I have due in my other classes, studying for AP tests, and getting ready for college will make this class challenging for me, but I am excited to take the class on as long as I maintain good, healthy study strategies.', 'Just commitment on my side of things, and I need to stop procrastinating to such an extreme level', 'i love gt math', 'Im concerned about how much vectors are involved, and how much calculus will be genuinely utilized.¬†', 'My final grade for this class.', 'In high school calculus, we only worked with minimal variables which made graphs easy to visualize. However, the only worry I have with the class is the ability to visualize the multivariable functions, as well as extend the ideas of differentiation and integration to multiple dimensions.', 'My biggest concern is not knowing all of the assignments or resources I need to utilize. It would be horrible if I found out I missed an assignment or an extra credit opprotunity.', "Although I said I enjoy the incorporation of physics it also could be a challenge for me. I'm not the greatest at physics but it is just going to have to be part of the process and I'll take more time to understand how to use it in this class.\xa0", 'Managing my time, though I believe last semester prepared me well.', 'if there is gonna be a lot of true or false questions like last semester', 'none', 'My ability to stay focused and perform in an online setting.', 'I think multivariable calculus will be a more advanced form of calculus that I learned in AP.', 'I am most concerned about the exam questions matching the lesson coverage.']